[MUSIC]
Congratulations, you have completed course
for and built a complete RL system.
Let's quickly review the system you built.
Throughout the Capstone we've been
incrementally adding tools for
solving the lunar lander problem.
We started by formalizing the problem as
an MVP and implementing the environment.
This mainly involve precisely
specifying a reward function
to get the agent to appropriately land.
We then discussed how to design
an agent to learn a good policy in this
environment.
The first step was to figure out which
reinforced learning algorithms were
appropriate for the given problem setting.
We followed the course map that we
built in course 3 to narrow it down to
three algorithms, expected SARSA,
SARSA, and Q-learning.
Next, we investigated have the choice
of meta parameters influence the agent
success.
All the specific implementation details,
including those about function
approximation, exploration, and
optimization can be
considered meta parameters.
How we specify these can have a big
impact on the performance of our agent.
We discussed several of these choices and
common rules of thumb.
For example, we decided on the size and
activation functions for
the neural network based
on conventional wisdom.
However, some meta parameters like
the step size can be difficult to select.
This led to the final part of the project,
a parameter study of the step size.
Understanding our algorithms and systems,
is critical for successful deployment.
Finally, you got to see
your agent in action.
We hope that you've learned a bit about
the nuances of applying reinforce learning
methods in practice.
There are a lot of choices to make and
it requires quite a lot of expertise and
experience to get it right.
Our goal was to give you some
of that hands-on experience.
Hopefully, this will help you in
your future endeavors applying RL in
the real world.